everybody walked back to the diet
kitchen I've recipe for you guys today
and today we've got beef koftas okay so
firstly get your grill on I'm using an
oven grill so grow from the top feel
free to use a George Foreman any other
girl you like but today I'm going for
the oven top grill okay firstly I
ingredients I have 200 grams of extra
lean beef mince next I've got a teaspoon
of fresh parsley a teaspoon of fresh
coriander 1 garlic clove one pickled
gherkin yet a pickled gherkin half a
teaspoon of ground cumin we're going to
go with some hot chili powder some salt
and some ground black pepper also I've
got two skewers and they're soaking in
water so they don't stick when you go
onto the grill okay and they will catch
fire as well if you they're not soaked
in water okay as always the ingredients
are down below in the description box
and also you'll find the macros there
for the recipe with the ingredients that
I'm using today okay let's get started
first thing what you want to do grab a
food processor and then let's go in with
all of our ingredients so again a
teaspoon of fresh parsley a teaspoon of
fresh coriander 1 garlic clove one
pickled gherkin we've got half a
teaspoon of ground cumin we're going to
go with about the same of chili powder
some fresh soap
lows of silk goes on what about them
sodium levels some ground black pepper
and lets blend that up good okay now
what you want to do is get your mixture
and the beef and let's add our paste
mixture into a ground beef make sure you
want to do get your hands in mix it all
up okay once that's all mixed up we now
need to do get your mixture onto a
chopping board and you want to roll it
out to make one large sausage type thin
this easier half your mixture
and throw it press it down
ok now that we have our lovely looking
copter mix we want to do is take one of
the skewers insert it from the bottom in
the middle and then just push it through
a whole thing
ok the next thing you want to do get
some one calorie cooking spray spray
your copters and spray the grill and
place them on the spray side down spread
them again and now we go into our grill
for about five minutes each side what
you want to do you want to turn them
over after about five or six minutes try
not to overcook your beef because it
becomes really dry okay so just keep an
eye on them when it's starting to go a
little bit brown on top turn them over
if you want as well you can do the one
free side so you can turn turn turn into
thirds okay put them in and I'll see you
in a bit okay guys it's been ten minutes
five minutes each side and our cocktails
are perfectly perfectly cooked as you
can see just about brown on all sides
and cooked in the middle I'm going to
plate these up I see in a second okay
guys I've just plated them up I've
dressed in with a bit of natural yogurt
and some fresh coriander leaves on top
also wrapped them in a lettuce gem
lettuce leaf feel free to put them in a
pizza bread anything you would like to
really they're delicious I'm gonna go
ahead and eat it now remember the
ingredients and the macros are in the
description box below and please please
please if you did like this video give
it a like give a share also like and
share the facebook page if you haven't
already if you like the channel please
help it grow okay I'll see you next time
thanks for watching take care
you